Setup ci action (#33)
openalea/action-build-publish-anaconda: doc/workflows/generate_docs/README.md

# generate documentation of action

> This action uses [auto-doc](https://github.com/tj-actions/auto-doc) o generate inputs and outputs formated table from action code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action uses [auto-doc](https://github.com/tj-actions/auto-doc) to generate inputs and outputs formatted table from action code.
```

In the targeted README.md, the ## Inputs and ## Outputs section will be replaced by a auto-generated table.

> ## usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```
